In this lesson, you will code the Monte Carlo localization algorithm in C++.
Before we start, let's take a look at the problem in hand.
Inside this two-dimensional map,
a mobile robot represented by a blue color,
lives in a world of size 100 by 100.
This robot can rotate left or right and move forward.
The robot can also measure its distance to the eight landmarks,
represented in red using rangefinder sensor.
It's important to note that this is a cyclic word which means
that the robot can cross the walls and reappear from the other side.
Now, we aim to estimate the robot's pose using
particle filtering as it moves and senses the environment.
We'll be spreading virtual particles randomly and uniformly throughout the map.
In this lesson, you will code the MCL algorithm in sections.
First, you will move the robot and measure its distance to the landmarks.
Then, you will simulate noise and added to the measurements.
Moving on, you will randomly and uniformly spread particles throughout the map.
You will also evaluate the importance weight of each particle.
Following, you will resample the particles.
You will then generate an error value to check the overall quality of the solution.
This will enable you to identify how close the particles are to the robot.
By the end, you'll plot the position of the robot and
the particles at each iteration of the MCL algorithm.
All right. Now, let's get started.